hello what's up guys I'm Kyle from kgr
and a few days ago I made a video
talking about fake amiibo and how
they're in Brazil and there's only four
of them
there is Mario Pikachu Lincoln Samus now
the Mario Samus they're really easy to
spot in my opinion and then Lake I could
tell about the stick Pikachu I had a
hard time trying yes but anyway I was on
eBay today looking for some Sonic
figures and I thought I saw an awesome
shadow joyride but unfortunately there's
things wrong with it and I just wanted
to stay away from that but anyway I was
looking through and I'm like amiibo I
look at amiibo there's fake ones out
there already
no well don't worry a matter of time and
I already said this in my last video but
first I always thought it was gonna be
just those four amiibo but no they are
actually coming out with rare pieces
that you want to look out you can always
check where it's coming from so if it's
coming from China stay away from it
and it always usually says in the
picture without the chips because if
they try to say all this isn't working
amiibo and then it doesn't have the
chips and doesn't work then you can get
your money back
but they're telling you it does not have
the chips and it's only gonna be in this
play piece so when you buy it you can't
complain and say hey it's not what its
marked you're pretty much screwed again
you can see it's coming from China but
what sucks is they're making rare amiibo
they're making gold Mario they're making
Rosalina and making Schult
and I forget who else they said they're
making they are making some uncommon
ones like toad Samus Box I believe
Kirby's starting to get more uncommon
now remember when I got my girl crapped
on the moment now I'm looking for them
for my one friend and now there's like
no like seriously there's no none of
them around me at all and then you get
two common ones like Mario but what
sucks is they're making the rare ones
and people device whore amiibo and get
it and be real and here I saw a villager
without the black base it shows him on
the gold part but the black parts
missing and yeah he's still selling for
over $13 for some dumb reason
honestly this irritates the crap out of
me I hate it I'm not sure there's any
fake Skylanders or Disney infinity
figures there might be I don't know I
don't really look into the
figures when it comes to amiibo I like
to stay on top of this stuff I'm really
happy that I am and here since I work at
a game stand and we've taken game trades
I am now gonna be the person to go to
for these amiibo now Chris if you're
watching listen up you may want to
invest in a new 3ds or get a Wii U with
you because if people are gonna train in
some fake amiibo here these things are
not gonna have chipsets in them so you
can go in to own least one of three yes
you can go into Smash Brothers me just
check while it's the Wii U you don't
need to have a game in at all you're
gonna just go into the settings and
check your amiibo and if you put it on a
little NFC thing or more the 3d Esper a
touchscreen and nothing shows up then
that means it's a fake amiibo so you can
stay away from it I'm looking at these
things a lot more dead on they're
freaking perfect but except for Samus
Samus shoes like leaning a little bit
and also I checked the bottom of her
instead it was licensed by Capcom the
only one that's less is like Capcom is
Mega Man and then pac-man's Namco Bandai
and then the Pokemon ones are from
Pokemon company all the other ones are
from Nintendo so luckily I know what to
look for when I'm looking for Leo now at
least if I see them like out in the wild
at least I have something to test him
out on point for those who are just out
of look uh I got a yard sale or
something be careful be very careful
because he knows they could have been
victims from these people home line it
really sucks that fake amiibo out there
and don't take them as back to their
defects they're fake unfortunately I'm
just giving you guys information so you
guys don't get scammed so let me know in
the comments how upset does this make
you this makes me really upset that the
fact that these things are happening
they may both hypetrain it's real and I
guess fake bad grades wanted to get
their hands on
and try to get Vantage of people in
there it's a real shame that wiliness
anyway guys I actually gotta work in the
morning so I can't stay up for long I
will see you guys
you